Add a glossary to the documentation (#759)
rapidsai/rapidsmpf: docs/source/glossary.md

  A token representing a promise of future memory allocation from a {term}`BufferResource`. Reservations must be obtained before allocating buffers, enabling the system to track memory usage and perform spilling when necessary. Reservations specify the memory type (device, pinned host, or host) and size.

MemoryType
  An enumeration specifying the location of memory:
  - `DEVICE`: GPU memory
  - `PINNED_HOST`: Page-locked host memory for efficient GPU transfers
  - `HOST`: Regular system memory

Message
  A type-erased container for data payloads passed through {term}`Channel`s. Messages wrap arbitrary payload types (such as cuDF tables or buffers) along with metadata including a sequence number for ordering. Messages support deep-copy operations and can be spilled to different memory types when memory pressure occurs.

Network
  A directed graph of {term}`Node`s connected by {term}`Channel`s representing a streaming data processing pipeline. Nodes are relational operators on data, and channels are the edges connecting operations in the workflow. The network remains in place for the duration of a workflow, with nodes continuously processing data as it flows through.

Node

>   A coroutine-based asynchronous operator in a streaming pipeline. Nodes receive from zero or more input {term}`Channel`s, perform computation, and send to zero or more output channels. They can be local (operating on data within a single rank) or collective (coordinating across multiple ranks). Multiple nodes execute concurrently via a thread pool executor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A coroutine-based asynchronous operator in a streaming pipeline. Nodes receive from zero or more input {term}`Channel`s, perform computation, and send to zero or more output channels. From the network’s perspective, nodes are always local operators. A node may internally use a {term}`Communicator` to perform inter-rank communication, but this coordination is fully encapsulated within the node and is not visible to the surrounding network or channels. Multiple nodes execute concurrently via a thread pool executor.
```
